Add v0.17 upgrading guide. (#288)
bytewax/bytewax: docs/articles/reference/upgrading-to-v17.md

``` bash
$ python -m bytewax.recovery db_dir/ 4
```

This will create a set of partitions:

``` bash
$ ls db_dir/
part-0.sqlite3
part-1.sqlite3
part-2.sqlite3
part-3.sqlite3
```

Once the recovery partition files have been created, they must be
placed in locations that are accessible to the workers. The cluster
has a whole must have access to all partitions, but any given worker
need not have access to any partition in particular (or any at
all). It is ok if a given partition is accesible by multiple workers;
only one worker will use it.

If you are not running in a cluster environment but on a single
machine, placing all the partitions in a single local filesystem
directory is fine.

Although the partition init script will not create these, partitions
after execution may consist of multiple files:

```
$ ls db_dir/
part-0.sqlite3
part-0.sqlite3-shm
part-0.sqlite3-wal
part-1.sqlite3
part-2.sqlite3
part-3.sqlite3
part-3.sqlite3-shm
part-3.sqlite3-wal
```
You must remember to move the files with the prefix `part-*.` all together.

### Choosing the number of recovery partitions

An important consideration when creating the initial number of

> recovery partitions; When rescaling the number of workers, the number
> of initial recovery partitions is currently fixed. If you are scaling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recovery partitions: the number of recovery partitions is currently fixed.
If you are scaling
```

for increased throughput.

If you have created custom input connectors, you'll need to update
them to use the new API.

### Input changes

The `list_parts` method has been updated to return a `List[str]` instead of
a `Set[str]`, and now should only reflect the available input partitions
that a given worker has access to. You no longer need to return the
complete set of partitions for all workers.

The `next` method of `StatefulSource` and `StatelessSource` has been
changed to `next_batch` and should to return a `List` of elements each
time it is called. If there are no elements to return, this method
should return the empty list.

### Next awake

Bytewax makes use of a sort of cooperative multitasking system
in order to schedule work. Calling functions that block for
an indefinite period of time, like `time.sleep`, blocks the
progress of *all* work in a Dataflow.

Many input sources are best utilized in a "polling" fashion, and
should not be called frequently. In order to support this pattern,
v0.17 adds the `next_awake` method to the `StatefulSource` and
`StatelessSource` classes.

The default behavior (when `next_awake` returns `None`) is to activate

> the input immediately if any item was returned in `next`. If no items
> were returned in `next`, we will wait for 1ms before reactivating the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the input immediately if any item was returned in `nex_batcht`. If an empty list
was returned in `next_batch`, bytewax will wait for at most 1ms before reactivating the
```

Reviewer: Uh, I didn't see David's comment on the whole block, that's probably better

input source. The short cooldown helps avoid high cpu load if there's
no work to do.

> `next_awake` is called before `self.next`, and if the
> datetime returned is in the future, `self.next` won't be
> called until that datetime has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`next_awake` is called before `self.next_batch`, and if the
datetime returned is in the future, `self.next_batch` won't be
called until that datetime has passed.
```

Always use this method to wait for input rather than
using a `time.sleep` in your connector.

See the `periodic_input.py` example in the examples directory for an
implementation that uses this functionality.

## Async input adapter

We've included an Async input adapter to help people bridge Async
input sources with our new batched input system.

The new `AsyncBatcher` class which lets you specify a maximum timeout
period to wait, or a batch size to output when it is met when the
input source is an async iterator. This lets you more easily play
nicely with cooperative multitasking but still use Python libraries
with async APIs.

## Using Kafka for recovery is now removed

> v0.17 removes the deprecated `KafkaRecoveryConfig` as a recovery store.

Reviewer: Maybe a brief statement on why this was deprecated?
